what is up dgr me it's nothing but also
those badass John I'm doing some more
patch videos for you this is the t57 on
8.2 test right now it's the tier 10 the
new tier 10 American heavy and this is a
really awesome tank I love this new line
with the autoloaders I just actually
didn't check the to your sevens I know
the tier 9 and 10 are I mean tier 8 to 9
and 10 does have autoloader so it's
pretty awesome this tank does have some
decent armor we're going to talk about
stats when we go to the inn plates but
the main thing did well we're only going
33 here so not that much mobility but
pretty decent armor for an autoloader
it's not like a French autoloader the
gun is pretty awesome to get four shots
at 269 pin for it or damage it's really
insane pen um it's a really fun tank to
play just you do have to watch out for
that reload rate and I don't know what
it is because Jimbo's is not going to be
working on this replay apparently it
only works when you're connected to the
server um kind of lucky I even got
Jimbo's to work I tried it with the full
black shots mod pack and it didn't work
I even tried it to start the game
without XVM and that didn't work either
so I i went with just Jimbo's here just
because I like Jimbo's it's a lot easier
to see what kind of shot you have
remaining and reload times and stuff
which not see in the reload time so we
got a crazy t54 trying to sneak up here
that's one of the new Chinese tanks tier
nine Chinese medium getting jacked up
right here by me pretty bad you can see
getting taken out by my four shots so
really nice 1600 damage potential on the
street on this clip which let's change
this as well I don't like having it like
this I've been so dependent now on on
having
you know the modpack that I forgot I had
to do this kind of stuff so there we go
back to game okay so now you can see I'm
climbing a crawling up into the center
of town here and that reload on the
magazine does take a while there are no
there is no rammer for this these
autoloader tanks which is just like the
French so instead of instead of the auto
the rammer I went with coated optics so
i can have plus ten percent on the move
it's pretty nice so brown with this tank
you do have some okay armor in the front
so you kind of want to angle your armor
correctly not do the side armor thing
French tanks your armor doesn't really
matter too much so getting behind cover
is probably better but for these tanks
it's fine and he gets jacked up at least
this at least the the tier 10 heavy the
tier 9 autoloader it does not it has a
lot more mobility was getting I was
getting it up like 50 km/h but it's
probably doesn't have as much armor
definitely take a peek at it you got a
lucky shot on me there with the track so
with the only only problem with having
four shells is when you get in a fight
and you only have like two one or two
shells left you kind of feel like you
want to load up another full clip
because it's really difficult when you
ticket one you have one shot to take and
then the enemy has like a minute to get
in your face and take shots on you
you're going to see in a little bit here
how that works so i only have three
shots here I'm gonna spend I think all
of them on this guy there he's dead now
I have one round left and I okay I did
hit that guy right there so now I need
to reload I'm gonna hide behind this
building so I did have a full clip here
but see 1600 damage is not enough to
take this guy out he's got 2,000 hit
points I'm kind of screwing with him so
the is-7 can get in there so he's gonna
go after me that's fine he misses the
the armor on this front tour it's not
very good but neither is this guy's
armor I'm not getting full damage though
I don't know why
getting low rules I guess so yeah see 33
2330 going right through this that love
that soft part I told you about that
flat part not getting great amount of
damage on that guy only got like 1400
probably on that whole clip now I'm like
come on guys take this guy out the guy
behind me bounced I don't know how that
happens but this guy is rocking me take
this guy out take him out now where am I
getting shot okay in the upper plate
there that's where the weak part is he
did not shoot me the turret like I
thought he did so we finally do take
that guy out and I'm still reloading and
that's the end of the game let's get the
employee so here's the first plate to
that game I really loved this tank it
was a lot of fun the mobility could be a
little bit higher but you know it's a
heavy and it does have some armor so I
got a mastery to badge that's a eighty
percent and above percentile here sniper
killed one guy damaged three guys but
got lots of shots on him god what is
that 12 shots on-target that's pretty
awesome basically took that one guy out
pretty much by myself well its second
plate here I didn't I got Top three but
i didn't i didn't get really high up on
the XP list but i did pretty pretty
awesome at one percent left over on my
tank pretty nice um again let's look at
the last play here 4400 damage on a
2,100 hip one tank I did really good got
my gut my double their got double my
damage mm I hit points and damage 12
fired 12 shots 12 hits 12 pins really
nice pin on this gun yeah you still need
to aim for weak spots but you should you
probably won't bounce very much I took
six hits and didn't die that's pretty
nice um made 21 thousand credits on this
thing not too bad really the shells
aren't too well the shells are about a
thousand each which is to be expected
and the cost of repairs on this tank is
pretty cheap at 24,000 I didn't think
that was that high so also looking at
the stats real quick 810 horsepower
engine pushing fifty four tons that's
about 15 to 1 it's got a decent
acceleration it doesn't feel super
sluggish but it's still the top speed at
35 is really kind of hold in the back 30
and 36 Traverse 466 Traverse that's
pretty good for a heavy it's really nice
especially since you need to get your
front hull armor toward the enemy it
does have a pretty big under bail
least you got to be able to protect that
a little bit but overall I'm really
excited about this tank is a lot of fun
and I'll start grinding up this line to
when it comes out I really want to get
the t110e5 but it might have to wait a
little bit i don't really know because
I'm gonna have to save up six meal to
get that plus i still have a hundred
thousand to unlock so tell me which
think about the t57 heavy tank and this
new American autoloader line it's pretty
awesome I like it a lot